Next is our second lot
Centennial Ganoderma lucidum
Starting price 2 million
Each net price is not less than 300,000 2.60 million 3.80 million
Things are nice
6 million 6.50 million 7 million
10 million, 10 million at a time, 10 million twice, 10 million
Three transactions
This is our third lot
Millennium single
Starting price 6 million
Each purchase price is not less than 7010 million
12 million, 13 million, 15 million.
Sold for the next 10,000 years Snow Lotus 15 million
Please invite our sixth lot, Millennium White Wei
15 million 17 million
20 million 50 million
Done! Done!
Lao Tie, did you take the wrong medicine today?
I took so many medicinal materials at once, hahaha.
All Mr. Shen has long eyes here
Even if you buy more, you will only make a profit without losing money.
Hahaha, don't be too proud.
I'm selling Mr. Shen's face, so I won't compete with you.
Finally, the most exciting moment
The finale of this auction, Flying Man Long Rui
This is the last of the herbs.
If you get it, you can practice your wings and soar.
This Flying Man Long Rui is rare in a hundred years
The starting price is 500 million
Each price increase is not less than 10 million
Is 500 million worth so much? 2 billion
Is there still a bid for 2 billion?
Just because you dare to bid 2 billion
Aren't you afraid that it won't be enough to sell you?
Or do you want to rely on women?
Which woman is willing to go out for you?
You bid on that thing 2 billion
Are you out of your mind?
Shen Rong, you have no money, what is the price here?
Get out of here and don't embarrass yourself here
He's kidding.
He has no money, you continue
Who says Mr. Shen has no money?
All the expenses of Mr. Shen, my Qin family is rich
The Qin family has already taken so many medicinal materials just now
I'm afraid there's nothing to dislike
Mr. Shen, I will pay for you.
No, I can afford it with my own money.